Doc/readme (#777)
nextcloud/neon: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Documentation
Whenever you are submitting new features make sure to also add documentation comments in the code.
Please adhere to the [effective-dart](https://dart.dev/effective-dart/documentation) documentation guidelines.

## Workflow

> We use a rebase workflow, meaning that we rebase PRs onto the latest main branch instead of merging the current main into the developing branched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use a rebase workflow, meaning that we rebase PRs onto the latest main branch instead of merging the current main into the development branches.
```

> This helps to keep the git history cleaner and easier to bisect in the case of searching an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helps to keep the git history cleaner and easier to bisect in the case of debugging an error.
```
